all right this is the tenor these summer
prove someone company I get stuck over
TV but I guess what this is incredible I
don't understand why this doesn't have
the popularity of another cell phone
because it seems a little to no sex I'm
not gonna go too much into spec details
because I know you guys are tired of
seeing these big details but it's pretty
big bill type home but I guess it's a 10
I think this is a regular size for 10 F
sharp comes with good luck this case but
it's pretty it's just a regular lack of
corn and it has a wonderful sound as you
guys heard it has a wonderful sound
wonderful response she needs some oil on
some places but I think this is because
people could be dinner planner and but
for $800 days they'll start something
really this is a ready-made middle F
sharp key I had a little tip with that
but I think that's because of my Maria
or whatever but you know this was a
really really good one
I love this one so I will give this one
again at 8.5 I've attended you know some
high rank once they have here and for
the sea melody saxophone how would he
gave that like with seven out of ten
only on the merits of it didn't have the
nuances of the new warrants but that
doesn't make you a bad scared or those
four because although our score because
it's just does not ideal to play in
certain cases in the register was bad
but this preview when they gave it a
young a summer selling name to us or get
summer bought out the company whatever
but man this is good money has engraved
on the back like I showed you a second
ago they had a little bit less engraving
but graving around the front or whatever
and the guard the back to use but this
is a good horn you see TLC and side I'm
sorry key and that's pretty much all you
need this is this is a great horn it's a
great more not you know it's not a trail
type where you can feel every closeness
of the keys but this is um this is nice
the closest of the keys basically you
can feel the pink you feel it's closer
but uh yeah this is Devon and this is a
pretty little tenor saxophone summer
all right